11
Improv Time
0
“Hey there, Toady,” Teddy said, a smile coming onto his face. 

“Hey Teddy,” the Bed Toad replied. “Rather jolly today, aren’t you?”

“Yeah, I’m tired of the charade,” Teddy yawned. “The Bunny’s finally done. We can stop fighting yet?”

The Toad croaked, trying to process his words. 

“I mean, you didn’t really believe that I wanted to protect those traitorous things, did you?” Teddy jabbed a finger at the closet door. “Just look at this useless excuse for a Mouse. Followed me a year and no more loyal than a rock.”

The Mouse was petrified and did not react. 

“What I want,” Teddy continued, “is to be a part of the dark. Where loyalties may shift, but goes deeper than the light ever could.” He sidled up to the Toad. “I know you’ve been eyeing me for awhile. Here I am, offering myself as a partner.”

The toad croaked again, but in a pattern that was obviously a command.

“I will believe you, bear, if you throw the hare into my tub of acid here.” He waved a flipper, spattering mud onto a cauldron being pushed forward by a team of ninjas. 

Hehe. 

Teddy grabbed the frozen Bunny and threw her in without hesitation. 

Even the Toad was stunned for a second.

“Welcome aboard, partner,” he purred at last. “Shall we launch our attack on the outside?”

“Let’s go, partner,” Teddy replied. 

At the Toad’s command, the ninjas dragged open the door. 

Teddy jumped out first. 

“Listen up!” He shouted. “Stay back! This is now our territory!”

Eyes followed him, confused, until they all switched to the newly-emerged Toad. 

Then they turned into an expression of fear.

“Annihilation is not required,” the Toad said, blinking. “As long as we control matters you may live.”

Teddy turned to the Toad. “Such lenience.”

Then there were suddenly white ribbons shooting out from all directions. 

“It makes me hesitant to punish you,” the bear finished, flashing a victorious smile.

The toad was too shocked to even croak.

“That was some great acting there, partner,” A gently humorous voice commented from the back. “I almost believed for a second that you had loyalty.”

The Bunny walked forward, with Mouse attached to her like a belt. 

“You alright?” Teddy asked. 

“I’m perfect.”

“Let’s get rid of the sludge.”

---End---