13
Bunny Comes First
2
23 24
“Alright, well,” Teddy relents. “You can procrastinate a bit there. Your demise is not my priority today. What did you do to Bunny?”

“Why is it always me?” the Toad protested with mock indignance. “Your friend there barged into our closet last night and tripped in a vat of glue.”

Mouse gasped as Teddy stifled one. 

Glue. One of the most dangerous to a stuffie. Once your fur gets hopelessly stuck, it’s usually the put-away followed by your last trip to the garbage incinerator.

Must unstick the Bunny as soon as possible. 

“Go ahead,” Toad gurgles. “You know I’m not your match without the ninjas.”

Yeah, right. As if you wouldn’t trap us with mud as soon as we get close.

“Okay. You better not try anything,” said Teddy, taking a step forward and motioning for Mouse to stay back. 

The Toad watched with sinister smiling eyes. 

As fast as he could, Teddy yanked out a mini, auto-open umbrella and shot it towards the Toad, slamming it back. He grabbed Bunny with one hand and raced back towards the closet door. 

In the short moment that elapsed, a few new stick ninjas had emerged and were holding Mouse hostage. Two blew darts Teddy’s way, but none of it had any effect on Teddy except bring a smile to his face. 

An arm’s length away from the Mouse, Teddy leapt and rammed into the Mouse and the door. 

Then they were back in the open, and Teddy calmly closed the door. Then he casually brushed some remnant lines out of his fur while putting the eraser away. 

“Exciting, eh?” he said to Mouse with a grin. 

He suddenly realized that they were being stared at by a lot of toys. 

“What are you lot goggling at?” Teddy threw. 

The toys all murmured and went back to other business. 

“Let’s go,” Teddy said to Mouse, scooping Bunny off the floor. 

Next stop, washroom basin. 

--- A watery hour later ---

“Bunnyyy!” the Mouse cried, jumping into the basin to hug the slowly-stirring Bunny.

“Mousey,” Bunny said, wincing as Teddy washed the glue out of more of her fur. 

“Teddy used me as a flexible door opener again!” the Mouse moaned.

“Aw, hope it didn’t hurt.” Bunny stroked the fur on the Mouse’s head. “You’re strong, though. You can handle it.”

“Okay, that’s enough of that. Your tail exists for a reason, you know,” Teddy huffs. “Alright, hare, you’re all good.”

With a high jump, Teddy took down a towel to get them all dried. 

“Folks,” Teddy was back on command mode. “Almost noon. We will get a bite to eat and embark.”

“Hey,” Bunny protested. “Don’t you want to hear my story?”

About to shut it down, Teddy noticed the look of interest on Mouse’s face. 

What will Teddy do?
1. Shut it down.
2. Listen to Bunny.