3
Search for Bunny
2
6 7
Teddy closed his eyes for a moment. Every toy was attached to something. Sometimes it was obvious, like Mouse to his cheese, and other times it takes a good guess. 

Bunny was attached to a pen. 

A blue ballpoint pen with white casing. 

Teddy sniffed for the unnatural smell of oil-ink. 

It was there, but it was too faint. 

“Mouse,” he calls. “Trace the smell of his pen.”

“Coming from the closet,” Mouse replies without hesitating. “You know, it’s weird that you still try. Nothing can beat my sense of…”

Teddy tunes him out and ponders the closet doors, open a crack.

Harris usually leaves it wide open, revealing the mess of drapes within. 

Something was afluff here. 

Beside the nightstand, the toy truck gave a very loud honk. 

“How many times do I have to tell you…”

A flash of brightly colored plastic. Teddy swerves out of the way just in time. 

“Sorry!” A racecar yells as it rolls past, not sounding very sorry. 

“Teddy! Help!” A stuffed kitten whines, flying into him. “They stole my blanket again!”

“Tell them I’ll send them to detention if they don’t give it back, dear,” Teddy consoles, gently pushing the furball out of the way. 

“They don’t listen to meee!” The little thing howls, finding a clutch-hold on Teddy’s leg. 

“I’ll try to be back early today.” Teddy uses all his might to release the vise-like grip. “Hoy! You heard me! Give it back now!” He yells at two other fluffballs, watching from a distance with the stolen blanket between them. “Mouse!”

The apprentice was instantly at his side, holding the kitten back. “There, there. Smell my cheese…”

“Going somewhere?” The Shark was suddenly in front of him, baring his mouthful of sharp teeth. “I think you owe me something.”

He leaned in close. “An apology.”

Teddy flipped back just in time to avoid having a huge hole ripped in him. 

He took off at a run, leapt onto a pile of books, bounced off a drawer and slammed down on the Shark in an effortless textbook kata. 

“Hold off on redeeming that one,” he said to the shiny fish struggling in vain. 

“Mouse!” He calls again. His apprentice saunters over with tape.

“Can’t be bothered to carry it yourself,” Mouse grouches.

Actually, he can, and he does. But an apprentice should be made use of. And have discipline knocked into him. 

And plus, he needs to…

“Get him.”

Teddy smiled in satisfaction. In one hand he grabbed the Mouse, and with the other he threw junk behind him as he ducked under the drawer table to get to the mess of electrical cords at the back. 

One second and they were both up with Harris’s documents. Regaining his hold on the Mouse, Teddy launched off the table. 

Even the Mouse’s high-pitched shriek could not ruin his good mood. 

They landed in a tumble in front of the closet and squeezed in, slamming the door shut behind them. 

Teddy switched on his LED. 

There was the pen, lying with its cap off before them. 

And there was the Bunny, lying with his arms spread, facing the other way.

What does Teddy do?

Run to Bunny’s side
Hold back and keep alert
