7
Hold Back and Keep Alert
2
12 13
Teddy stopped Mouse from rushing to Bunny’s side. 

“Careful,” he warned. “Hold on.”

It was their code word. The Mouse silently held on to Teddy’s leg. 

All was quiet, but why should it be?

They were being watched. 

Teddy held the LED behind his back and closed his eyes. A moment later he switched off the LED.

He did not need to see the darts. They zoomed towards him in a focused shower, a flying wall of poisonous spikes. 

He, Teddy smirked. 

Thunk! Thunk! Thunk! The spikes hit the closet door. Not one found their marks, because their marks were no longer there. 

As soon as Teddy had switched off the LED, he had dragged both himself and Mouse off to the side, anticipating the very attack. 

And now he was confident. Their attackers were boring enough to use the same attack every time, after all. 

Except...something sharp was poking into him from the back. At his feet, too. 

He realized he was standing on a stick ninja, which let out a battered yelp. Teddy stomped the stick bug to silence.

Really, Harris needs to doodle better things…

They were exposed. 

Leaping just in time to escape the second batch of darts, Teddy had Mouse in one hand and threw a light bomb into the darkness with the other. 

The sudden brightness exposed an infestation of poorly-drawn lines. 

With the knowledge of their position, Teddy pulled out an eraser. 

Then he simply skipped left and right, erasing his enemies. The stickmen were so poorly drawn that they were completely useless in close combat. Compared to Teddy, that is. And none of them were smart enough to rally the crowd for another bout of darts. 

However, Teddy was careful to steer clear of the back of the closet, past all the clothes. 

There was something else there. 

A sludgy mass that slowly inched forward as its minions were reduced to short, wiggling lines. 

The Bed Toad. Teddy’s nemesis #8. 

More mud than toad, this was the monster that every first grader needs their father to repel with a spray. 

“Teddy,” the Toad oozed when it finally showed itself. 

“Mud,” Teddy returned. 

“I haven’t seen you in so long,” the Toad purred. “You should visit more often. The stickmen are awfully stupid. And the darling Mouse, too.”

The Mouse squeezed his eyes shut and hung onto Teddy like a vise. 

“Oh, I will. I’ll just need you promise to die first in a bottle of sanitizer.”

The Toad let out a guffaw. “You are so good.”

What should Teddy do?
1. Kill the Toad
2. Bunny comes first